fix(datadog grok): enable the DOTALL mode by default (#1022)
vectordotdev/vrl: changelog.d/1022.breaking.md

> The `parse_groks` VRL function has the multiline mode enabled by default.

Author: I'm not quite sure whether it makes sense to introduce an optional parameter for users to control this or simply keep existing behaviour for this function? 🤔  Datadog's grok implementation enabled multiline mode by default, which seems like a reasonable behaviour. Also users they can always use `(?m)` and `(?-m)` modifiers to control this behaviour.
cc @bruceg @jszwedko

Reviewer: I don't have as much context on `vrl` but my 2cents - agreed that making this the default behavior feels reasonable, and I think it would also make sense to eventually update `parse_grok` to have parity. If I'm looking at the [vrl docs](https://vector.dev/docs/reference/vrl/functions/#parse_grok) I would assume they share this base behavior.

> The `parse_groks` VRL function has the multiline mode enabled by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The multi-line mode of the `parse_groks` VRL function is now enabled by default.
```
